Decouple Dockerfile into build and train (#3060)
mozilla/DeepSpeech: doc/TRAINING.rst

Setting the ``TF_FORCE_GPU_ALLOW_GROWTH`` environment variable to ``true`` seems to help in such cases. This could also be due to an incorrect version of libcudnn. Double check your versions with the :ref:`TensorFlow 1.15 documentation <cuda-deps>`.

Basic Dockerfile for training
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> We provide a ``Dockerfile.train`` docker to wrap basic training. You need to generate the dockerfile from the template using:
> This should ensure you to re-use upstream Python3 TensorFlow GPU-enable docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide ``Dockerfile.train`` to automatically set up a basic training environment in Docker. You need to generate the Dockerfile from the template using:
This should ensure that you'll re-use the upstream Python 3 TensorFlow GPU-enabled Docker image.
```
